= Pastejour

Broadcast standard out using Bonjour.

== Examples

  alice$ git diff | pastejour
  bob$ pastejour alice
  
  alice$ git diff | pastejour bob
  bob$ pastejour
  
  alice$ git diff | pastejour monkeys
  bob$ pastejour alice-monkeys
  
  alice$ git diff | pastejour monkeys
  bob$ pastejour -f
  Searching for servers (3 seconds)
  alice-monkeys
  
  # Copy the clipboard contents from one machine to another
  alice$ pbpaste | pastejour bob
  bob$ pastejour | pbcopy

== ORLY?

Yup. Pastejour gives you a simple, discoverable pipe for standard in
and out. By default, Pastejour will only stay up until the first
person grabs your paste. If you want to let a bunch of people grab the
same thing, shoot it out in multiple mode:

  alice$ git diff | pastejour -m # keeps on serving 'til you CTRL-C
  
== Awesome!

You know it.

== Installation

    $ sudo gem install pastejour

== License

Copyright 2008 - 2009 John Barnette (jbarnette@rubyforge.org)
                      Evan Phoenix (evan@fallingsnow.net)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
